BD-4728: Add info for access to drag-and-drop and email HTML editors (#9645)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/drag_and_drop_access.md

{% if include.variable_name == "dnd editors" %}

{% alert important %}

> To access to the drag-and-drop editor, contact your IT administrator to verify that your firewall has `.bz-rndr.com` allowlisted.

Reviewer: I think we want the * prefix here as well right? Like we had above in _docs/_user_guide/administrative/access_braze/accessing_your_account.md

> To access to the drag-and-drop editor, contact your IT administrator to verify that your firewall has `*.bz-rndr.com` allowlisted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To gain access to the drag-and-drop editor, contact your IT administrator to verify that your firewall has `*.bz-rndr.com` allowlisted.
```

{% endalert %}

{% elsif include.variable_name == "email html editor" %}

{% alert important %}

> To access to the WYSIWYG (what you see is what you get) editor, contact your IT administrator to verify that your firewall has `*.bz-rndr.com` allowlisted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To gain access to the WYSIWYG (what you see is what you get) editor, contact your IT administrator to verify that your firewall has `*.bz-rndr.com` allowlisted.
```

> To access to the WYSIWYG (what you see is what you get) editor, contact your IT administrator to verify that your firewall has `*.bz-rndr.com` allowlisted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To gain access to the HTML editor, contact your IT administrator to verify that your firewall has `*.bz-rndr.com` allowlisted.
```
"WSISYG" is English-specific (difficult for localization/translation) and a very casual acronym.
